.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/"><img src="../resources/tile/free/440x280/2016-12-31.png" alt="Talkie logotype, a speech bubble with a play button inside" width="440" height="280" border="0" /></a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/">Talkie</a>
</h1>
<p align="center">
  Text-to-speech browser extension button
</p>
<p align="center" class="donate">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=5&currency=usd"><kbd>Donate $5 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=25&currency=usd"><kbd>Donate $25 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=100&currency=usd&invoice=true"><kbd>Donate $100 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/"><kbd>More options</kbd></a>
</p>
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/talkie/enfbcfmmdpdminapkflljhbfeejjhjjk"><img src="../resources/chrome-web-store/ChromeWebStore_Badge_v2_206x58.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="206" height="58" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/talkie/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"><img src="../resources/chrome-web-store/ChromeWebStore_Badge_v2_206x58.png" alt="Talkie Premium is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="206" height="58" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/premium/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie Premium play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie Premium</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/talkie/"><img src="../resources/firefox-amo/AMO-button_1.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="172" height="60" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/talkie/#premium=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"><img src="../resources/firefox-amo/AMO-button_1.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="172" height="60" border="0" /></a><br /><img src="../resources/icon/premium/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie Premium play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie Premium<br />(Coming soon!)
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



## Problems?

- Report any issues with installation, usage on specific webpages, crashes, etcetera [using the issue tracker](https://github.com/joelpurra/talkie/issues).
- Please include relevant information:
  - Which browser and version you are using.
  - Which website the problem occurred on. If possible, include the full link.
  - Which text/part of the website you want spoken.
  - Which language the text was expected to be spoken in.
  - Any other information you think might be relevant in tracking down the issue.



## Have a patch?

- Translations, bug fixes, and new features are very welcome!
- See the [developer documentation](../DEVELOP.md).
- Follow [git-flow](http://danielkummer.github.io/git-flow-cheatsheet/) and use the `develop` branch as the base for your pull request.
- All project contributors need to agree to the the [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](../CLA.md).



---

<a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/"><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a> Copyright &copy; 2016, 2017 [Joel Purra](https://joelpurra.com/). Released under [GNU General Public License version 3.0 (GPL-3.0)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html). [Your donations are appreciated!](https://joelpurra.com/donate/)

Commit message:

Add setting logging level to reduce output for non-dev usage
Fixes #7.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/"><img src="../resources/tile/free/440x280/2016-12-31.png" alt="Talkie logotype, a speech bubble with a play button inside" width="440" height="280" border="0" /></a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/">Talkie</a>
</h1>
<p align="center">
  Text-to-speech browser extension button
</p>
<p align="center" class="donate">
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=5&currency=usd"><kbd>Donate $5 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=25&currency=usd"><kbd>Donate $25 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/proceed/?amount=100&currency=usd&invoice=true"><kbd>Donate $100 now</kbd></a>
  <a href="https://joelpurra.com/donate/"><kbd>More options</kbd></a>
</p>
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/talkie/enfbcfmmdpdminapkflljhbfeejjhjjk"><img src="../resources/chrome-web-store/ChromeWebStore_Badge_v2_206x58.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="206" height="58" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/talkie/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"><img src="../resources/chrome-web-store/ChromeWebStore_Badge_v2_206x58.png" alt="Talkie Premium is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="206" height="58" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/premium/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie Premium play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie Premium</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/talkie/"><img src="../resources/firefox-amo/AMO-button_1.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="172" height="60" border="0" /><br /><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a><br />&nbsp;
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/talkie/#premium=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"><img src="../resources/firefox-amo/AMO-button_1.png" alt="Talkie is available for installation from the Chrome Web Store" width="172" height="60" border="0" /></a><br /><img src="../resources/icon/premium/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie Premium play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie Premium<br />(Coming soon!)
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



## Problems?

- Report any issues with installation, usage on specific webpages, crashes, etcetera [using the issue tracker](https://github.com/joelpurra/talkie/issues).
- Please include relevant information:
  - Which browser and version you are using.
  - Which website the problem occurred on. If possible, include the full link.
  - Which text/part of the website you want spoken.
  - Which language the text was expected to be spoken in.
  - Any other information you think might be relevant in tracking down the issue.
- If you are [familiar with the debugging console for extensions](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/tut_debugging), have a look there.
  - Get maximum logging by entering `this.setLoggingLevel("DEBG")` in the background page console.


## Have a patch?

- Translations, bug fixes, and new features are very welcome!
- See the [developer documentation](../DEVELOP.md).
- Follow [git-flow](http://danielkummer.github.io/git-flow-cheatsheet/) and use the `develop` branch as the base for your pull request.
- All project contributors need to agree to the the [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](../CLA.md).



---

<a href="https://joelpurra.com/projects/talkie/"><img src="../resources/icon/free/icon-play/icon-16x16.png" alt="Talkie play button" width="16" height="16" border="0" />Talkie</a> Copyright &copy; 2016, 2017 [Joel Purra](https://joelpurra.com/). Released under [GNU General Public License version 3.0 (GPL-3.0)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html). [Your donations are appreciated!](https://joelpurra.com/donate/)
